Bump zwave-js to 12.0.3 (#3245)
home-assistant/addons: zwave_js/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 0.1.95

### Bug fixes

> - Z-Wave JS: Fixes or works around multiple issues with 500 series controllers that were introduced in Z-Wave JS 12.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Z-Wave JS: Fixes or works around multiple issues with 500 series controllers that could trigger the unresponsive controller detection in Z-Wave JS 12 in situations where it was not necessary, causing restart loops.

```
